// Name: Yuki Waka
// Seneca Student ID:141082180
// Seneca email: ywaka@myseneca.ca
// Date of completion: Sep.13.2019

1.the difference between internal and external linkage using examples from your code

Internal linkage is only in scope of a translation unit.
External linkage is that exist beyond a particular translation unit. It can accessible through the whole program,
while internal linkage is not. I used externak linkage when I define the max size of the sthing.
ex) extern unsigned int g_maxSize;

2.what are static variables and how were they useful in this workshop.
I was not sure about static, but I found 
Static variables when used inside function are initialized only once, and then they hold there value 
even through function calls. In the note, it says , Static declares a class variable. 
I didn't use static Keyword in this workshop, but I could put static Keyword in the 'counter', because
It was allowed to use only local variable.

3.the changes that you made in upgrading your String class.
I made String class that holds a C-style null-terminated string of up to 3 characters and
 the class includes a one-argument constructor, a query named dispaly() and helper functions.

4. In this workshop, I've got error "Debugging: Run-Time Check Failure #2 - Stack around the variable 'LoggerThread' was corrupted"
I spent most of time to figure this problem out and it turned out, because I didn't use
dynamic memory. when I add   'string = new char[g_maxSize];' before copy 'strcpy' strings,it worked.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// Quiz 1 Reflection
1.What max/min values signed and Unsigned can hold?
-I answerd totally different values.
-Signed char min is -128, max is 127.
 Unsigned char 	min is 0, max is 255.

2.Waht is the different between a Lvalue and a Rvalue?
-I couldn't fill out the answer.

-An lvalue reference. it denoted by &.
It's declaration refers to an accessible region of memory and reference requires 
an initializer unless it has external linkage, it a class member within a class definition
and it is a function parameter or a function return type.

-An rvalue reference. it denoted by &&.
An rvalue reference declaration identifies an object that is less permanent, possibly temporary. 

3.Why would you use a move copy constructor or a move assignment operator instead of the regular copy
constructor or assignment operator?

-I answerd they can protect their data to avoid changed.

- A copy constructor takes its argument by lvalue reference and a move constructor by rvalue reference.
The manipulation of addresses is an efficient alternative to the copying of members 
that contain many elements.  The move operators of C++ facilitate this alternative process for 
objects that are near the end of their lifetime. 

4.How do we specify variable inference when creating a new variable?
-I couldn't answer.
-A C++17 compiler can infer the type of an object from a previously declared object.  
the compiler can infer the type from the right operand of an initializer expression.  
'auto' specifies inference. 



